Add search and play action documentation for squeezebox integration (#35613)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/squeezebox.markdown

| Data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                                           |
| -------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`    | no       | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entities where to run the API method.                                       |
| `command`      | no       | Command to pass to Lyrion Music Server (p0 in the CLI documentation).                                 |
| `parameters`   | yes      | Array of additional parameters to pass to Lyrion Music Server (p1, ..., pN in the CLI documentation). |

This action can be used to integrate a Squeezebox query into an automation. For example, in a Python script, you can get a list of albums available by an artist like this:
`hass.services.call("squeezebox", "call_query", { "entity_id": "media_player.kitchen", "command": "albums", "parameters": ["0", "20", "search:beatles", "tags:al"] })`
To work with the results:
`result = hass.states.get("media_player.kitchen").attributes['query_result']`

### Action `search`

> This action allows you to search the LMS music library for albums, artists, genres, tracks and playlists. You can also search for favorites and players. The result of the search will be stored in the 'query_result' attribute of the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action allows you to search the LMS music library for albums, artists, genres, tracks, and playlists. You can also search for favorites and players. The result of the search will be stored in the 'query_result' attribute of the player.
```

| Data attribute  | Optional | Description                                                                                                                       |
| --------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`     | no       | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entities where to run the search.                                                                       |
| `command`       | no       | Items to search on the Lyrion Music Server. This must be one of albums, artists, genres, tracks, playlists, favorites or players. |
| `return_items`  | no       | The maximum numbers of items to return.                                                                                           |

> | `search_string` | yes      | Limit the search to those items matching the search string                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `search_string` | yes      | Limit the search to those items matching the search string.                                                                        |
```

| `tags`          | yes      | Specify tags you wish the search to return, overriding the default tag list                                                       |

This action can be used to integrate a Squeezebox query into an automation. For example, in a Python script, you can get a list of the first 20 albums containing the word "classic" like this:
`hass.services.call("squeezebox", "search", { "entity_id": "media_player.kitchen", "command": "albums", "return_items": "20", "search_string":"classic"] })`
To work with the results:
`result = hass.states.get("media_player.kitchen").attributes['query_result']`

### Action `play`

> This action allows you to play music from the LMS music library. You can play an album, artist, genre, track, playlist or favorite. It has two forms. You can either search for an item using full text searching for the name of the item, or you can specify the item_id of the item, which is most likely retrieved previously using the search action. If you use the text search, your search must return a single result, which will be played or added to the current playlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action allows you to play music from the LMS music library. You can play an album, artist, genre, track, playlist or favorite. It has two forms. You can either search for an item by name, or you can specify the item_id, which is most likely retrieved previously using the search action. If you search by name, your search must return a single result, which will be played or added to the current playlist.
```
I don't understand "your search must return a single result". How do I know what the search returns, before I even search? And how can I ensure there will be only one match, if I don't have the unique ID?

> This action allows you to play music from the LMS music library. You can play an album, artist, genre, track, playlist or favorite. It has two forms. You can either search for an item by name, or you can specify the item_id, which is most likely retrieved previously using the search action. If you search by name, your search string must be detailed enough to return only a single result, which will be played or added to the current playlist. If you cannot specify a search string which will generate a unique result, then you should first use the 'search' action to find the item_id of the item you want to play, and then play the item by id rather than by name. If you enter a search string which generates no results, or more than one result, the action will return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action allows you to play music from the LMS music library. You can play an album, artist, genre, track, playlist or favorite. It has two forms. You can either search for an item by name, or you can specify the item_id, which is most likely retrieved previously using the search action. If you search by name, your search string must be detailed enough to return only a single result, which will be played or added to the current playlist. If you cannot specify a search string that will generate a unique result, then you should first use the 'search' action to find the item_id of the item you want to play and then play the item by ID rather than by name. If you enter a search string that generates no results or more than one result, the action will return an error.
```

| Data attribute    | Optional | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`       | no       | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entity on which to play the item.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `command`         | no       | Items to play on the Lyrion Music Server. This must be one of album, artist, genre, track, playlist, or favorite.                                                                                               |

> | `search_type`     | no       | Either "text" or "item", to specify whether the contents of search_string is an item_id or a text search string                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `search_type`     | no       | Either "text" or "item", to specify whether the contents of search_string is an item_id or a text search string.                                                                                                 |
```

> | `entity_id`       | no       | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entity on which to play the item                                                                                                                                                       |
> | `command`         | no       | Items to play on the Lyrion Music Server. This must be one of album, artist, genre, track, playlist, favorite                                                                                                    |
> | `search_type`     | no       | Either "text" or "item", to specify whether the contents of search_string is an item_id or a text search string                                                                                                  |
> | `search_string`   | no       | Either text to search to find the item to play, or an item_id of the item, depending on search_type                                                                                                              |
> | `playlist_action` | no       | Either play, add or next. Play will replace the current playlist and play the item, add will add the item to the end of the current playlist and next will add the item as the next item in the current playlist |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`       | no       | Name(s) of the Squeezebox entity on which to play the item.                                                                                                                                                       |
| `command`         | no       | Items to play on the Lyrion Music Server. This must be one of album, artist, genre, track, playlist, or favorite.                                                                                                    |
| `search_type`     | no       | Either "text" or "item", to specify whether the contents of search_string is an item_id or a text search string                                                                                                  |
| `search_string`   | no       | Either text to search to find the item to play, or an item_id of the item, depending on search_type.                                                                                                              |
| `playlist_action` | no       | Either play, add, or next. Play will replace the current playlist and play the item. Add will add the item to the end of the current playlist. Next will add the item as the next item in the current playlist. |
```

This action can be used to integrate a Squeezebox action into an automation. For example, in a Python script, you can play the favorite "Classics" on media_player.kitchen as follows

> `hass.services.call("squeezebox", "play", { "entity_id": "media_player.kitchen", "command": "album", "search_type": "text", "search_string": "classic", "playlist_action": "play"] })`

Reviewer: those brackets don't add up.

Author: Thanks - updated
